#device #laser 

The 369 is a finicky beast. Getting it to the right wavelength can be challenging. Here are some things to know
- The maximum diode current is ~82 mA
- The bad wavemeter lies. When in doubt, check the good wavemeter

### Quick tuning and locking
If you suspect that you're in the correct laser mode, you should be able to use the "freq" know to move the laser to the correct frequency. If the laser mode hops before you make it to the desired frequency, touch the current until the laser hops back to the correct mode. 

Navigate to the correct error signal, and first switch "slow", and then "fast". Sometimes, the lock will break when the second switch is flipped. If this is the case, you're too close to a mode hop. Try moving the current slightly and try again. 

### Laser surgery

If the laser is *really* on the wrong mode, or if the power in the given mode is too low, you may have to do some surgery. The first thing to try is to adjust the lambda knob. 
#### Adjusting the $\lambda$ knob
- Pop the cover off the laser to reveal the diode module. On the side of the diode should be two screws for adjusting the grating. One labeled $\lambda$ and one labeled V. The $\lambda$ knob adjusts the course frequency of the laser by rotating the diffraction grating, and the V knob adjusts the vertical alignment of the grating. 
- Use the $\lambda$ knob to get the frequency roughly correct, moving the current around to sample multiple modes. 
- Use the V knob to maximize the mode-hop-free range of the laser. You can observer the mode-hop-free range by looking at the error signals while sweeping the laser over a wide range. Mode hope sill appear as fuzzy pathches or discontinuities in the error spectrum
- Turning the V knob will move the frequency as well. Continue iterating between $\lambda$ and V
#### Adjusting T
- If the $\lambda$ knob fails to get you close enough, you can adjust the temperature of the laser using a small screwdriver. The laser takes a few minutes to settle, so make small changes, and then give them time to take effect.
- Increasing temperature reduces frequency, and vice versa
#### Adjusting the bias
- After all this, if you're lasing at the right frequency, you can try using a screwdriver to turn the "bias" screw. This screw adjusts the feed-forward between the current control and the piezo control. This can increase mode-hop-free range somewhat, though usually it's fine and you won't have to touch it
