## Locking The Rubidium SadAbs System
We use a laser locked to an atomic transition of Rubidium as a reference for our wavemeter. For more information on the Rubidium SadAbs lock see [[Rubidium Saturated Absorption Spectroscopy PDH Lock]]. 
### Any Percent Speed Run/TLDR
1) Adjust the span and center frequency knobs on the PID control box and locate the left most error signal cluster belonging to $^{87}$Rb.
4) Pick an error signal and move the center frequency and span knobs until only that one error signal is visible on the oscilloscope and its zero crossing point is centered. 
5) Check on the wavemeter what the frequency is, then move the lock switch to the LFGL setting (halfway point). Slowly reduce the span until the knob clicks to zero and then flip the lock switch all the way up and check that the number read on the wavemeter is the same as before. Re-lock if the number has changed.
6) The three $^{87}$Rb errror signals are at frequencies known to be (given that the AOM frequency has not changed) 384.22773419, 384.22781266, and 384.22794599 THz (seen left to right on oscilloscope).
7) Move the "Mr. Pickle" fiber to the calibration port on the back of the wavemeter. On the wavemeter computer go to operation->stop->measurement. Then go to operation->calibration. 
8) Calibrate in terms of frequency and set the calibration number to the known frequency. 
9) Click operation->start->measurement and close the extra windows that pop up. On the right panel set auto calibration to run every 10 minutes. 
### Full Instructions
1) In A707, plug in the blue "Mr. Pickle" optical fiber into the wavemeter and insure that it is reading light at 384 THz. This is the laser light from the Rubidium SadAbs set up.
2) In B707, locate the (blue and gray) PID control box on the server rack atop the DuckBerg, as well as the oscilloscope next to the server rack. These are the only two boxes you will need to use assuming the SadAbs system is running correctly.
3) As you adjust the span and center frequency knobs on the PID control box (lower right corner), you should see error signals moving around on the oscilloscope. Find the left most cluster of error signals belonging to $^{87}$Rb (see figure) and adjust the span and center frequency to view only these signals.
4) Pick an error signal and move the center frequency and span knobs until only that one error signal is visible on the oscilloscope and its zero crossing point is centered. 
5) Check on the wavemeter what the frequency is (it will fluctuate around 10-20 MHz). Move the lock switch to the LFGL setting (halfway point) and slowly reduce the span until the knob clicks to zero. Flip the lock switch all the way up and check that the number read on the wavemeter is the same as before, but now locked to within a MHz. If this frequency is different from before the lock, it locked to a different error signal or broke free, and we need to relock so that we know which transition we are locked to. Repeat this step with other lock signals until you are confident in knowing which of the three error signals you are locked to. I find the leftmost signal easiest to lock to.
6) The three transitions observed in the $^{87}$Rb cluster are taken from the literature to be 384.22790341, 384.22798188, and 384.2281152 THz (DO NOT CALIBRATE TO THESE NUMBERS). They appear on our oscilloscope at a single pass AOM frequency shift lower than these values (see [[Saturated Absorption Spectroscopy]] for explanation), so for an AOM shift of 169.2 MHz the numbers we are locking to are known to be 384.22773419, 384.22781266, and 384.22794599 THz (seen left to right on oscilloscope, these are the numbers you should calibrate to). If the top most power supply is set to 11.6V the AOM shift should be at this nominal value of 169.2 MHz, but it is worth double checking the AOM frequency every now and again or if you believe that voltage knob was touched.
7) Back in A707, move the "Mr. Pickle" fiber to the calibration port on the back of the wavemeter and continue to monitor that the lock does not break (turn off switch mode and click on the "C" tab to view the calibration light).
8) Confident of the line you have locked to and having accounted for the AOM shift you have your number for what the wavemeter should be reading. On the wavemeter computer go to operation->stop->measurement. Then go to operation->calibration. Set it to calibrate in terms of frequency and set the calibration number. There is a tolerance setting as well on this page that you will need to make large if the wavemeter calibration has drifted greatly, otherwise it should be left at around 5 MHz. Hit ok to calibrate.
9) Click operation->start->measurement and close the extra windows that pop up. The wavemeter should now be calibrated and reading numbers.
### Auto Calibration
10) Ensure that tolerence is set to 5 MHz on the calibration (as mentioned in step 8) otherwise the wavemeter will calibrate to a very wrong number should the Rubidium lock break.
11) On the right panel of the wavemeter computer turn on auto calibration and set it to do so every ten minutes. 
## Trouble Shooting Locking
- Gain settings around 190-210 generally seem to work best, but it is a knob to play with if the system is not locking well.
- Adjusting the input offset may also make locking easier, but should be set so that an error signal is vertically centered (otherwise the zero crossing frequency is being shifted).
- The saw tooth sweep signal should be centered both vertically and horizontally on the oscilloscope.